# FAIAD

## Scenario / Problem Statement

Company(noname), Inc. is a wholesale novelty goods distributor. As a wholesaler, Companie's customers are mostly companies who resell to individuals. Company sells to retail customers across the United States including specialty stores, supermarkets, computing stores, and tourist attraction shops. Fabrikam also sells to other wholesalers via a network of agents who promote the products on Fabrikam's behalf. While all Companie's customers are currently based in the United States, the company is intending to push for expansion into other countries / regions.

You are a Data Analyst in the Sales team. You collect, clean, and interpret data sets to solve business problems. You also put together visualizations like charts and graphs, write reports, and present them to the decision-makers in the organization.

In order to draw valuable insights from the data, you pull data from multiple systems, clean it and mash it together. You pull data from the following sources:

Sales Data: comes from the ERP system and data is stored in an ADLS Gen2 database. It gets updated at noon / 12 PM every day.

Supplier Data: comes from different suppliers and data is stored in a Snowflake database. It gets updated at midnight / 12 AM every day.

Customer Data: comes from Customer Insights and data is stored in Dataverse. The data is always up to date.

Employee Data: comes from the HR system; it is stored as an export file in a SharePoint folder. It gets updated every morning at 9 AM.